HINDU-MUSLIM CLASH
The Times of India (J86J-current); Sep 27, 1934; ProQuest Historical Newspapers: The Times of India Pg- 9
FIGHT IN FIELD
SEVEN PERSONS KILLED IN PUNJAB VILLAGE
. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.
LAHORE, September 26, The report of a communal clash, resulting in seven deaths, besides several persons being injured, has been received from a village in the Mianwali District. ■
It is said that Seth Rupchand, one of the wealthiest men in the district, was busy in his fields along with hie [tenants,.numbering about 70. They were suddenly surrounded by about 150 Muslims, armed with spears and lathis. The parties exchanged words, and, soon a fight ensued, in which several members qf Rupchand'S party were seriously injured. Six persons were killed on the spot, while another succumbed to his in* juries in hospital.,
POLICE ON SCENE
" ... ■. • • %
The Muslms bolted after seeing that none of the opposing party were fit enough to offer opposition,
A strong body of armed police ar* rived on the scene shortly afterwards, and removed the injured persons td hospital. Several arrests have been made.
The Deputy Commissioner and Police Superintendent are conducting an inquiry intd the disturbance, which is said to be the outcome Of previous enmity.	.
Manchester Cotton
Spinning Trade
’ . '•
UNIFORM SELLING PRICES
SPECIAL CABLE.
LONDON, September 26.
The whole of the Manchester Cotton spinning trade is eventually expected to follow the example of fthe Egyptian section of spinners, who operate more than 200 mills and control 17 million spindles.	'
These spinners decided at a mass meeting to convert the present ^Gentlemen's Agreement" into a legally binding agreement;,.by which selling prices will be fixed. This step, It is expected, will thus end undercutting, which has resulted in disastrous losses during the last few years.
The scheme provides for a definite price to be added* to the cost of raw cotton, irrespective of individual mill costs. This, it is considered, will lead to a greater stability of prices and remove some of the anomalies under the “Gentlemen's Agreement."
FIRST CABINET MEETING SINCE END OF JULY MR. BALDWIN PRESIDES
RUGBY, September 25.
Mr. Stanley Baldwin, Lord Presi* dent of the Council, who returned to London on Saturday, presided today at the. first meeting of * the Cabinet which has been held since Parliament rose for the recess at the end of July. Absentees at to-, day's meeting included the Prime Minister, who is not due to reach England until October 4, the Colonial Secretary, Sir Philip Cunliffe-Lister, who is Minister in Attend* ance at Balmoral, and Mr. Walter Runcim&n, who is also in Scotland and will be in attendance at the launching of the new Cunarder No.-534 tomorrow,,
The Cabinet will now resume its regular weekly meetings until par* liament re-assembles on October 30/
FALL IN REVENUE
The Exchequer returns for the past week shew that during the current financial year the total ordinary revenue exclusive of self-balancing revenue amounted on September 22 to-£265,016,512, which is £3,096,795, less than the amount collected on September 23 last year. The expenditure for the same period, exclusive of self-balancing items was	£3,578,727.—British	Official
Wireless.	»
KAYE DONS APPEAL
SPECIAL CABLE.
LONDON, September 26. Sixteen grounds, alleging misdireq* tion and that the verdict was against the weight of the evidence, have been lodged on behalf of Kaye Don. whose appeal' against his conviction on a charge of manslaughter opened in the Appeal Court at Douglas in the Isle of Man, before two judges. ,
Courisel for Kaye Don pointed out that the appeal was against the war-diet and the sentence. The hearing has been adjourned till tomorrow, the ' bail being continued.
Kaye Don, the famous racing motorist, was sentenced to four months’ imprisonment on July 16 last on a charge of manslaughter. Ho was granted leave to appeal against the sentence.
The case was the result of an accident to a racing car which Kaye Don was " driving. His mechanic, Francis Taylor was fatally injured in an accident. :	.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.