When police came just in time: Voices of...
Aboozar Kalimees Imamwada
The Times of India (1861-current); Oct 4, 1996; ProQuest Historical Newspapers: The Times of India
pg. A2
Aboozar Kallmee Imamwada
DECEMBER 1992 and January 1993 — these are months that will remain etched in Rajesh Khaire's memory forever. “The communal riots were the worst nightmare I had ever experienced,” recalls 20-year-old Rajesh Khaire, who resides on the ground floor of BIT chawl number 2, Imamwada.
The Imamwada locality, which is a predominantly Muslim area, has only about 256 Hindu families residing in the BIT chawl numbers 2 and 3. According to its residents, peace and harmony prevailed between the majority and the minority communities in the area before the 1992-93 Mumbai riots.
According to Rajesh, who is a final year student at St Xavier’s College, Muslims residing in the neighbouring BIT chawls had forsaken them during riots, and
had instead started supporting the trouble-mongers. “Our lives were saved because of timely help from the police," according to a few Hindu families.
Although the situation was bad
preplanned. "All of us took our little ones inside the house and bolted our doors and windows to protect ourselves and our families," states a resident of the BIT chawl number 2 on condition of anonymity.
Voices of
during both the December and January riots, the latter was more devastating in terms of life and damage to property. “It was January 8, when the trouble began just before the namaaz around
2.30	pm. Some outsiders, armed with swords and choppers, had infiltrated our area. They were instigating Muslims of our locality to attack us," recalls Rajesh.
According to him, “Within no time a mob of a thousand people carrying guns and other weapons, started moving towards our chawl.” The attack, he feels, was
Rajesh, who is part of a 10-member family, remembers, “They started banging the door with their weapons and broke open a few doors. They went orr looting each and every room and assaulted a few senior persons who requested them to stop."
When the looters broke into Rajesh’s house, one person assaulted his father, the late Appa Khaire (52) with a knife. “Fortunately. my father only sustained an injury on his leg and not any other part as it could have proved fatal. I and my brother Sunil weren't able
to stop these looters and they managed to snatch a four-carat mangalsutra from my bhabhts neck,” he laments.
But a police van arrived at that time, forcing the mob to leave. For days on end till the curfew was lifted, a posse of policemen guarded the two chawls round the clock. “We belong to the lower-middle-class bracket and therefore, a small blow in terms of immovable property means a lot to us.
But what was more disheartning was the fact that the Muslims of this locality instead of supporting us supported the rioters,” explains Rajesh.
Things have, however, changed drastically after the Mohalla Ekta Committees came Into existence. Rajesh thanks the Mumbai police for restoring back peace and harmony between the two communities.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.