COMMUNAL CLASH
The Times of India (J86J-current); Oct 6, 1930; ProQuest Historical Newspapers: The Times of India pg. 10
COMMUNAL CLASH.
Hindus and Muslims injured in madras.
•	.i»
(FROM our own correspondent,)
MADRAS, October 5.
News has been received that a. fre< fight occurred yesterday at Kichi palayam, in Salem district betweei Hindus and Muslims as a result o which three Hindus and three Muslim; were injured seriously.. The troubli arose first among Muslim and Hindi boys while at play and very soon thei exchanged blows. The Muslim par ents who came to help their sons ar< stated to have assaulted the Hindi boys. This infuriated the Hindu par ents who, in a body, came out for s fight. A free fight ensued betweei them and as a result many were in jured.
The Police came on the scene ant quelled the disturbance. Five Hindu: and seven Muslims were arrested an< the Police are patrolling the area.
The injured persons have been admit ted to the Headquarter hospital a: inpatients.	,
DASARA CELEBRATIONS II' JUBBULPORE ABANDONED.
FEAR OF COMMUNAL CLASH.
(Mom our own correspondent).
' ^ JUBBULPORE, October 2.
For the first time in living memorj the Dasara festivities were abandonee in Jubbulpore city. Even the installa tion of the image of Godess Durg£ was substituted this year by the installation of Kumbh Ghara. Ramlila: and Bharat Milap celebrations werealst abandoned in consequence. The juvan ceremony which is observed on the 9tl (Indian date) of Ash6 Sudi, was alst performed very quietly and the immersion of juavara was made at Gwari ghat, a place about four miles fron here, where the Nerbudha passes, in stead of at Hanman Talao.
According to a statement issued bj the local Hindu Sabha the festivitie: were .suspended in honor of the severa ‘patriots’ in jail, but I understand or reliable authority that the object of th< Sabha in suspending these celebrations was to avoid a clash between the Hindus and Mahomedan. Processions ir connection with the Dasara celebrations had always to pass near the Kotwal mosque, generally at prayer time.
It will be remembered that in th< year 1925, a serious clash occurrec between the two communities, as a re-
sult of a Dasara procession passing the mosque, playing music. Sihce then the feelings between the two communities have remained estranged.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.